## 5.18.22 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Isabela
- Martha

### What are people working on?

- jupyter/accessibility is on its way to Subproject status! ðŸŽ‰ PR is being voted on on [jupyter/governance #129](https://github.com/jupyter/governance/pull/129)
- jupyter/accessibility automated testing has been updated! Changes are still being made, but there's a lot to show.
  - [jupyter/accessibility #83 Axe Gitpod JupyterLab](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/83)
  - [jupyter/accessibility #84 Developer tooling for building/testing jupyter artifacts](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/84)
  - Isabela: Draft testing scripts (for new, task-style tests) on [a comment on quansight-labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt #95](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/95#issuecomment-1118978913)
  - [More info on axe-core tests](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core/blob/develop/doc/rule-descriptions.md#wcag-21-level-a--aa-rules)
- Isabela
  - Learning and contributing event ideas to keep the community energy going. Rough draft agendas on [a series of comments on isabela-pf/a11y-events #4](https://github.com/isabela-pf/a11y-events/issues/4#issuecomment-1124536984)
