## 1.26.22 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Isabela
- Frederic
- Ely
- Jason
- Darian
- Gabriel
- Nick
- Patrick
- Tony

### What are people working on?

- Tony https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/67
  - What jupyter/accessibility has been so far: kind of a cross-project team compass
  - This PR discusses ways to make it a more resource-focused and active repo. Also to help people actually start using Jupyter tools (that's been a popular ask)
- Patrick
  - Could anyone give an update on how things are currently working, perhaps both high level and in the code?
  - People are interested! We need to follow up and connect these communities
  - Are these communities also willing to giving feedback on how to make better experiences (not just be WCAG compliant) based on how they use these tools?
- Isabela
  - Jupyter accessibility workshop summary/things to do
  - Alt text PRS from the workshop (still in progress until the end of this week)
    - https://github.com/isabela-pf/jupyter/pull/1
    - https://github.com/isabela-pf/jupyter.github.io/pull/1
- Gabriel
  - Does the [JupyterLab settings UI PR](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/11079) add accessibility features/is that a place they could go in the future?
  - Right now? That's not the focus. It could be added in the future.

### Next steps

- Discuss [jupyter/accessibility reorganization](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/67) (open for commenting to everyone!)
- Follow up on cross-community collaboration (Isabela, Jenn, Tony, Patrick)
- Remove hardcoded css colors to improve the extensibility of the these (maybe Nick?)
