## 2.23.22 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Tony
- Ely
- Gabriel
- Martha
- Nick
- Jason

### notes

- pdf accessibility https://www.section508.gov/create/pdfs/
- stylelint-a11y https://github.com/YozhikM/stylelint-a11y
- https://bareynol.github.io/mui-theme-creator/ theme editor
- Thoughts from Ely on custom themes
  - should we talk to people who are used to customizing colors?
  - an export button would be really good for someone who has spent a lot of time working on their own theme locally

### What are people working on

- @tonyfast
  - reusable tasks for building jupyterlab, retrolab, lumino combinations.
  - turning [`jupyter/accessibility`](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility) into a js/py packages
