## 10.6.21 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Jason
- Tony
- Adam
- Martha
- Isabela
- Ely
- Thomas

### What are people working on?

- Adam
  - Lumino documentation is lacking and it can interfere with this work.
  - Who would document, give a tutorial, talk, anything?
- Isabela
  - Grant process has begun! Myself and people in charge of me are working on bringing in new people to spend dedeicated development time on this.
  - I'm watching [this ipython/ipython PR](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/pull/294) and hoping to see it merged.
- Tony
  - Where does [RetroLab](https://github.com/jupyterlab/retrolab) fit?
  - It isn't core JupyterLab (currently) ([this comment describes how it could be in core in the future](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9869#issuecomment-936714230)) but has a more streamlined interface that might influence the experience.
- CodeMirror 6
  - Estimated to take at least one month for a single full-time developer
  - 5 and 6 don't have full parity, so that path isn't perfectly clear. You need to account time for that.
  - Kevin is interested in this and would like to work with others.
  - Martha may also be able to help!

### Next Steps
