## 07.14.21 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Darian
- Tony
- Martha
- Nick
- Isabela

### What are people working on?

- Isabela and Tony
  - Jupyter Accessibility Workshop
    - We discussed an alternative sprint method for adding alt text to documentation. This does not create regular contributors, but it might solve a big problem and help people learn about accessibility.
    - What could be another goal? Getting a group of people who want to be involved with Jupyter but don't know how a place to start.
- Martha
  - Looking for feedback on [lumino #187](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/187). - Darian says that this should be two PRs. One for focus. One for the expected keyboard bindings.
  - Is this PR still viable? [jupyterlab #6369](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/6369)
    - It is a draft, so we can't do anything to the existing PR. At best we could open a new PR.

### Next steps

- Remove keybindings work on [lumino #187](https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/187) and mark it ready for review (Martha)
- Start new lumino PR for keybindings and focus in menus (Martha)
- Test documentation sprint on July 21 (Tony and Isabela) (and anyone else who wants to join!)
- Review [jupyterlab #8832](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/8832) and [jupyterlab #1008](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/1008) for next steps on color contrast (Isabela)
