## 05.19.21 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Jason
- Thomas
- Martha
- Tony
- Max
- Sophie
- Max

### What are people working on?

- We did introductions since we had new attendees! Hooray!

- Sophie
  - Interested in getting an overview of what we are doing here and what needs to be done still.
  - May have interest in mentored sprints or other community events to help get a Jupyter interface accessible.
- Martha
  - Looking for guidance on where is the next useful place to contrubute
  - Perhaps [Issue area 1: keyboard navigation of #9399](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399)?
  - Checking tab index and skiplink status
- Isabela
  - Workshop funding follow up [jupyter/accessibility #43](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/43). Need feedback on "the jupyter/accessibility team have the best visibility onto what would make the most impact. What advise would you have for how to best use these resources?"
  - CZI grant submitted. We won't hear for a few months, so I'll be back to color contrast.x
- Jason reviewed skip links implementation: https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/10268
  - Follow up with MJ about availability

### Next Steps

- Follow up on skiplink status (Isabela)
- Next steps for keyboard navigation (check for positive tab index values, potential skiplink next steps) (Martha)
- Workshop follow up (Everyone can post at [#43](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/issues/43))
- Color contrast PR [jlab #10146](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/10146)(Isabela)
- Binderhub AWS policy

Priority issues: https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399
