## 09.22.21 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Martha
- Mike
- Tony
- Isabela
- Kevin
- Jessica

### What are people working on?

- Tony
  - We've been focusing on proposals and planning, but less on JupyterLab specific.
  - Where does RetroLab fit with [#9399](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399)
- Mike
  - Navigating cells in notebook with a keyboard is difficult. Mike has been working on something locally to resolve this, but it likely won't be in PR form any time soon because of other projects.
  - If anyone is working on this area of code or the interface, please let him know.
  - Mention him if you are looking for review on PRs.
- CodeMirror 6
  - Still in the air because it will break things so we need someone willing to stand behind breaking things.
  - Kevin has some knowledge about CodeMirror 6 and may be a good point of contact for this.
  - How does rich text fit in with this? Does it make sense to have rich text cells? (ProseMirror or https://www.tiptap.dev/?)

### Next Steps

- Talk about CodeMirror 6 again at the beginning of October
