## 11.03.21 Meeting Minutes

### Attendees

- Jason
- Martha
- Nick
- Tony
- Frederic
- Mike
- Adam
- Isabela
- Jenn
- Gabriel
- Jessica
- Tania
- Karolina

### What are people working on?

- Jason has been working on formatting keyboard shortcuts, adhering to OS conventions:
  - https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/258 (with some exploratory work in https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/pull/257). Most of the work affects how keyboard shortcuts are displayed on Mac especially, and I tried to check how things are presented in VoiceOver. I would love if someone would double-check my work when it gets released to make sure it works well with screen readers.
    - Mike: some older articles (2014) highlighted issues with other screen readers: https://www.deque.com/blog/dont-screen-readers-read-whats-screen-part-1-punctuation-typographic-symbols/
  - Mike: tracking `aria-keyshortcuts` in https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/issues/261 (help wanted!)
- Jason also is working on switching to using the system font on all platforms: https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/11388. The end result of this is that Linux moves from Arial to the system font, which seems to be more readable and wider spacing. You can see examples of the difference by looking at the differences in the screenshots that are updated by the PR.

- Nick says [JupyterLab-fonts](https://github.com/deathbeds/jupyterlab-fonts) (could) add [`opendyslexic`](https://opendyslexic.org/) from [fontsource](https://github.com/fontsource/fontsource/blob/main/FONTLIST.json#L978)

  - https://github.com/deathbeds/jupyterlab-fonts
  - Mike: [JupyterLab Desktop ships a custom set of fonts](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab-desktop/pull/59) (we may need to account for that)
  - Should this be a pattern for a theme builder because variables allow for better manipulation and adjustment of things like button sizes or input box sizes.
  - Would there be use in a DOM specification similar to nbformat?

- Tania, Gabriel, Tony, Isabela

  - You can keep up with grant efforts at [Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt) and this will be reported again at meetings in the future.

- Gabriel
  - Thanks to Jason (and whoever else) for contributing docs. I was able to get JupyterLab dev environment up really quickly (less than 1 hour)
  - Mentioned https://www.w3.org/TR/using-aria/#firstrule
- Martha

  - Just wanted to let Gabriel know - you can reach out to me anytime with questions through gitter!

- Isabela
  - Is anyone in contact/know status of Johan's work on the [CodeMirror6 migration](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/10370#issuecomment-942048940)?
    - Work is in progress ([there](https://github.com/JohanMabille/jupyterlab/tree/codemirror)). CodeMirror6 introduces a completly new API that brings some challenge. So Johan is focusing on having a first draft PR without carry too much about styles/modes and extensions. So people can start to test it and we will be able to evaluate what work is remaining (in particular if some CodeMirror extensions needs to be ported from 5 to 6).
- Frederic
  - I will test [Fast Design components](https://www.fast.design/) from Microsoft and report here.

### Next steps

- Address request for feedback on Jason and Mike's work listed above
- Mike https://github.com/jupyterlab/lumino/issues/261 (help wanted!)
- Frederic will check in with Johan about CodeMirror 6
- Isabela will update the [JupyterLab accessibility project](https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1) to make sure it's ready for people to pick work off again.
